2. Exercise #2 : Writing test scenarios - 30 minutes
Create test cases for a mobile app(for reference you can use shazam app, the song discovery feature, sharing the song through social media apps & lyrics being displayed on the device)
        - here include elements like priority of considered tests (prioritization - most important tests are done first - slide 11)
        - acceptance data (slide 11)
        - think of acceptance criteria, coverage criteria (slide 11)
        - consider everything :) 


 I chose to create test cases for Shazam.

  a. Feature Name: Install
   Objective/Test Condition: Verify that application can be installed successfully.
   Execution Steps: 1. Select the application from magazin play;
                    2. Click on install button; 
	            3. Navigate to the menu and click on the newly installed app.
   Expected Result: The application is installed successfully.
   Actual Result: Run ( or not Run ).
	

  b. Feature Name: Uninstall
   Objective/Test Condition: Verify that application can be uninstalled successfully.
   Execution Steps: 1. Click on settings;
                    2. Select the newly added application, Shazam;
                    3. Click on Uninstall button;
                    4. Verify.
   Expected Result: The application should be uninstalled successfully.
   Actual Result: Run ( or not Run ).


  c. Feature Name: Search Music
   Objective/Test Condition: Verify that application finds the music that user is searching for when is recording it.
   Execution Steps: 1. Open the application;
                    2. Tap to Shazam ( the button on the middle of the screen ).
   Expected Result: The music will be found.
   Actual Result: The music will not be found.


  d. Feature Name: Error Message
   Objective/Test Condition: Verify that user receive an error message when the application is running and it did not find the music that user is searching.
   Execution Steps: 1. Open the application.
                    2. Tap to Shazam ( the button on the middle of the screen ).
   Expected Result: The message “No result” will apear on the screen.
   Actual Result: No message  will apear on the screen.


  e. Feature Name: Battery Consumption
   Objective/Test Condition: Verify that application consume more battery.
   Execution Steps: 1. Click on application and open it.
                    2. Use the application and verify the status of the battery in 15 mins interval of time.
   Expected Result: Application should not consume more battery
   Actual Result: No result.


  f. Feature Name: Charge
   Objective/Test Condition: Verify if the application run when is inserting the charger. It will not affect the application.
   Execution Steps: 1. Click on application and open it.
                    2. Insert the charging pin in between running of the application and verify.
   Expected Result: Application should run when inserting the charger. It will not affect the application
   Actual Result: Run ( or not Run )


